picking it college is a very personal choice you need to make it based
on who you are and what you need a lot of people don't make it that
way and I have to tell you I probably picked the wrong college should
start at but concerning my background it just seemed like the way
it was done both of my parents and guardians to large state public
universities in the Midwest everybody I knew was interested in large
university setting was so I went to the university of Colorado because
he grew up in Colorado that wasn't a state school or was there and
the biggest one in so I just kind of nationally went that way but
I I don't think it was a very rational choice I don't think it was
the optimal choice and the same with so when I went on to my graduate
work I probably could have got accepted in different places but it
was easy I had a wife by then I had a child on the way of so I just
stayed where I was and finished up there